 So I'm imagining that this solution video is going to be fairly long again, so I want you to treat this video as totally optional.  The important thing is that you walk through  the plan loop yourself, you take some observations,  and you get a sense for what's going on.  but I know lots of people like to follow along  with what I'm doing,  so I'll include this video for completeness.  So I'm in plan mode, I have my one sentence prompt  and I'm going to start going for it.  So it's gonna kick off an explore again  to understand the current structure,  database schema, existing patterns.  It's actually running multiple Parallel Explorer agents, which is not something we've seen before in my run-throughs.  These of course each have their own separate context and so when they come back they bring their summaries back into the main orchestrator's window.  I find it really interesting that the LLM knows that probably my comment is like, my prompt is super underspecified, so it needs to go and grab lots of information.  Alright, it's now finished exploring, it's now saying let me now read the key files I need to reference for the plan.  So it's now pulled in all the information it seems to need,  and we're already nearly at 30% context window usage.  So it's obviously taken in a lot of information here  and it's now initiating a planned sub-agent too.  In other words, this planned sub-agent is having to do the work that we've kind of already done in order to freshly explore the codebase.  so that it has enough information to actually go and write the plan.  So with sub-agents, there is always a little bit of duplicated work going on,  but the point is that you're saving tokens inside your orchestrator's context window, which is the goal.  And that's essential because we need to keep the orchestrator in the smart zone.  All righty, we now have a plan.  Okie dokie.  I wasn't really expecting it to come up with a plan this quickly, I was kind of expecting  it to hammer things out with me.  I find that the discussion that happens before the plan is actually really essential to making  sense of the plan.  So I'm really quite surprised that it created an entire plan just from one sentence and didn't try to interrogate me anymore.  I think what I'm going to do actually is kind of cancel out of this and tell it to interrogate  me about every single design decision inside here so that we both understand what we're  trying to build better.  I'm now going to press enter to kick this off and it should now actually ask me some proper questions.  Here we go, should comments be editable by the author after posting?  I think for this version, I'll keep it simple  and just say no editing, that makes sense.  What happens when a comment is deleted?  I pretty much always prefer a soft delete  over a hard delete,  especially when we have, you know,  comments where you could potentially have  sensitive information in them,  where you might need to reference the comment later  if there's a dispute.  Hard deleting it from the database just seems super unwise.  I think comments should be only for enrolled users only,  because that makes sense,  because if you're part of the clique,  then you want to be able to see other people's comments,  but you don't want your comments to be public public.  Okay, I'm happy with those, let's submit.  OK, and we've got another round of these questions  to walk through.  Anyone enrolled plus instructor plus admin  makes sense to be allowed to post comments.  I think author plus instructor plus admin  is fine for moderation.  Now this one, this soft delete UX,  the whether we show a placeholder or not  depends on whether we're having threads, right?  Because if we completely hide a message that has then some comments related to that comment.  the potential tree structure that we're building here could be completely messed up. So I need to  know from the agent whether we're doing a thread structure or whether it's a flat structure.  Are we doing a thread structure or are we doing a flat structure?  Because this will change this decision.  I like replying in this context because it means you can actually batch multiple of these  questions together and get the LLM to answer each one in turn.  There we go. Should comments be flat, one level, chronological list, or threaded?  I think for this, I just fancy a flat, simple chronological list.  You could always add the others on top of it.  So flat makes sense to me.  Notice, by the way, just how in-depth I'm thinking about each of these discussions.  Like this is really how I would think about planning for a genuine feature.  Yeah, since comments are flat, no threading, soft deleted comments don't need to preserve structure, I think I still want to show a placeholder.  This is a tricky one, the sort order,  whether we want comments to be sorted.  I'm really genuinely not sure here. I think it's probably safest to go oldest first so that it reads like a natural conversation.  That means that if people are replying to other people, then we're going to get a kind of natural flow there and it'll be easier to read.  So I'll pick oldest first.  I'm going to go with a 500 character max, that makes sense.  and then they should appear below all other content too, so all of that makes sense.  notice just how many decisions we are needing to make here  and notice how like we've really developed  our understanding of the feature  just through using plan mode.  Think about how much context we would have lost there if we just accepted that plan straight away, right?  So now if we scroll to the top of this newly created plan.  We can see it's created this nice design decision here.  Beautiful.  So a simple chronological list, comments are immutable once posted.  Soft deletion, show a placeholder, enrolled only,  all of the decisions are right here.  It's worth mentioning too that if I've had this discussion with the LLM like this, and I just review the doc and its major design decisions, I don't tend to then go down and review all of the actual implementation stuff.  At this point, I really want to see something on the screen  that validates my ideas,  and we can go back and improve the code later.  And that's, again, the value of having these in-depth discussions with the LLM before you actually crack on.  It just means that you can develop a shared understanding with the LLM so that you don't actually need to go and review the plan at the end that much in-depth.  So I remember from our context that we were at about 35% context window.  I'm just going to double check that.  Yeah, 35.7.  Oh look at that, it just jumped up to 36.5 in front of my eyes, must have been a caching thing.  At this point, it's a really hard decision  as to whether I clear my context and initiate this plan,  or whether I keep all the juice  from everything I've said to the LLM in the conversation.  because if we clear the context  and the LLM just kind of goes along based on the plan,  it might miss some of the richness  in the conversation that we talked about before.  But then again, we're getting really close to the dumb zone,  so this is a really hard call.  I think I'm going to risk it for a biscuit and I'm going to put accept edits on and say  go for it.  In other words, I'm keeping the context of all of the questions and I'm not clearing it before actually running.  So this is gonna put the kind of dumb zone theory to a test.  It's not that it falls off immediately at 40%,  it's just that at 40% you might start noticing  some artifacts that might indicate you're in the dumb zone.  In fact, I'm already being filled with regret because if you just look at how many tasks it's creating here.  I can already tell that our session is going to end pretty deep in the dumb zone.  Maybe it's not too bad, I'm at 43.2% and rising.  It's interesting to note just how relaxed the execution phase is once you've understood the plan really well with the LLM.  Because the LLM is just working from all the data inside its context, working from the plan, it's really just wrote at this point.  Okay, we've reached step seven, which is to verify with the type check.  This of course is where things could go awry.  We're at 47.6%, but if it discovers some issues  with the unit tests or with the type checking  that need kind of like lots of feedback loops  and lots of iterations to fix,  then that could end up being pretty nasty.  Okay, but it looks like all our tests are passing, which is great.  Alright, we've finished on 48.2% which is not too shabby.  now logged in as Olivia Martinez here as a student who's enrolled in this Node.js course  and I can go down here and I can say great stuff guys let's put that in post the comment  And look at that, the comment gets added here.  Very nice.  So Olivia can delete her own comment, it seems.  But if I log in as a separate user,  let's try Liam Thompson, who's also enrolled into here,  then we should be able to not delete Olivia's comment.  That looks correct.  Let me just add one from Liam.  Hey guys.  And post.  And now Liam can delete his own comment  and it says comment removed.  Very nice.  However, it seems that if I log in as the instructor here,  Marcus Johnson, who actually owns this course,  I can't see the comments.  Now if this wasn't already an 8 minute long video, here's what I would do.  I would go back to my session here and I would say,  okay, how much context window have we already used?  Are we already in the dumb zone?  If we are in the dumb zone, which we are, I would clear the context, kick off a new plan to fix that bug and go through it again.  But if we were still early on in the smart zone,  then I would say, sure, we've got enough budget left  that we can probably fix this bug  with all of the information again,  and we don't need to go through that explore phase again.  So that is the plan, execute, clear loop.  You plan a feature with the LLM or you plan a bug fix.  by shift-tabbing into plan mode down here.  And as we saw, it's incredibly powerful to get the LLM to grill you about all of the decisions it made in its plan.  You then monitor the context window  and see once you've completed the plan mode,  whether you want to keep all  of that initial discussion context,  or whether you just want to clear the context  with the plan inside and go from there.  Once you've executed it, you QA it to check if there are any bugs or anything weird about it.  If there are, you kick off the loop again,  or if you can squeeze it in  and if you've got context left over,  then you can do it from within the same context window  in the same session.  So well done, if you made it to the end there,  I think we actually uncovered some really nice nuggets.  Nice work, and I will see you in the next one.  and hopefully you're starting to understand  my context paranoia and the decisions I'm making  around when to clear the context and when not.