 ▐▛███▜▌   Claude Code v2.1.63                                                 
▝▜█████▛▘  Opus 4.6 · Claude Max                                               
  ▘▘ ▝▝    ~/repos/ai/cohort-003-project                                       
                                                                               
❯ /write-a-prd I want an instructor analytics dashboard primarily focused on   
revenue, and I would like to hammer out with you exactly what that entails and 
what that looks like. This should obviously only be accessible to instructors. 
Although admins should be able to see it too Instructors can only view         
analytics on their own courses. Instructors should probably have a single      
analytics dashboard which displays the information for all of their courses.   
                                                                               
● Let me explore the codebase first to understand the current data model, user 
  roles, and revenue-related structures before we dive into the details.       
                                                                               
● Explore(Explore codebase for PRD) Sonnet 4.6                                 
  ⎿  Done (28 tool uses · 78.0k tokens · 1m 38s)                               
  (ctrl+o to expand)                                                           
                                                                               
● Great, I've got a solid understanding of the codebase. Here's what I'm       
  working with:                                                                
                                                                               
  - Users have a role field: student | instructor | admin
  - Courses link to an instructor via instructorId
  - Purchases table is the core revenue source — stores pricePaid (cents),
  country, courseId, userId, createdAt
  - PPP discounting exists (4 tiers based on country)
  - Team purchases create one purchase record + N coupons
  - No existing analytics/revenue dashboard anywhere
  - No refunds, no Stripe, no revenue sharing model currently

  Let me start drilling into the details. I have several questions grouped by
  area:

● User answered Claude's questions:
  ⎿  · What are the key revenue metrics you want displayed on the
     dashboard? For example: total lifetime revenue, revenue per course,
     revenue over time (charts), average order value, PPP discount impact,
      team vs individual purchase breakdown, geographic breakdown by
     country? → Revenue totals + time
     · For revenue over time, what time granularity and filtering do you
     want? Should instructors be able to filter by date range, or is a
     fixed view (e.g. last 30 days, last 12 months) sufficient? → Fixed
     periods
     · Should the dashboard include enrollment metrics alongside revenue
     (e.g. total enrollments, enrollment rate over time), or should it be
     purely revenue-focused? → Revenue + enrollments + ratings

● Good, so we're going with focused revenue metrics (totals + time trend),
  fixed period filters, and including enrollments + ratings alongside. Let me
  dig deeper.

● User answered Claude's questions:
  ⎿  · For the dashboard layout, how should the per-course data be
     presented? The dashboard shows all of the instructor's courses on one
      page — how do you want to break that down? → Summary cards + table
     · For the revenue-over-time visualization, what kind of chart do you
     envision? Note: this will need a charting library unless we keep it
     simple. → Line chart
     · For ratings, what should be shown? The current schema has
     courseRatings with a 1-5 rating per user per course. → Average +
     count only

● Clear. Summary cards up top, a per-course table below, line chart for revenue
   trend, and simple average + count for ratings. A few more questions:

● User answered Claude's questions:
  ⎿  · Which fixed time periods should be available for filtering the
     revenue trend line chart? → 7d / 30d / 12mo / All
     · For the admin view — should admins see a platform-wide analytics
     dashboard (aggregating ALL instructors), or should they just be able
     to access any individual instructor's dashboard? → View any
     instructor's
     · Should the summary cards at the top of the dashboard also respect
     the selected time period, or should they always show all-time totals?
      → Respect time filter

● Great. Now let me nail down the specifics of the UI elements:

● User answered Claude's questions:
  ⎿  · What summary cards should appear at the top? These will all respect
      the selected time period. → Revenue + Enrollments + Avg Rating
     · What columns should appear in the per-course table below the
     summary cards? → Detailed
     · How should admins access an instructor's analytics? They need a way
      to navigate to any instructor's dashboard. → Link from admin users
     page

● Almost there. A few final questions on the chart details and some edge cases:

● User answered Claude's questions:
  ⎿  · For the line chart's X-axis granularity: Last 7 days should show
     daily points. What about the other periods? → Auto-scale
     · Should the per-course table also be filtered by the selected time
     period, or should it always show all-time data for each course? →
     Filtered by period
     · Should the time period filter be stored in the URL (as a search
     param) or as client-side state? URL params mean the page is
     linkable/bookmarkable. → URL search param
     · What should happen if an instructor has no courses or no purchases
     yet? → Empty state message

● Good, the picture is getting clear. A couple more details to lock down:

● User answered Claude's questions:
  ⎿  · When an admin clicks 'View Analytics' for an instructor on
     /admin/users, what should the URL look like? →
     /admin/instructor/5/analytics
     · Should the line chart show just revenue, or should it also overlay
     enrollment count as a second line? → Revenue only
     · Should the per-course table be sortable by clicking column headers?
      → Yes, sortable

● Excellent. I now have a complete picture of the feature. Let me outline the
  modules needed, then we can finalize.

  Proposed Modules

  Here's what I see us building:

  1. analyticsService (new service) — The deep module. Encapsulates all DB
  query logic behind a clean interface. Takes an instructor ID + time period
  and returns:
  - Summary data (total revenue, total enrollments, avg rating + count)
  - Revenue time series (data points for the line chart)
  - Per-course breakdown (name, list price, revenue, sales, enrollments, avg
  rating, rating count)

  2. Instructor analytics route — /instructor/analytics
  - Loader: auth check (must be instructor), reads ?period= search param, calls
   analyticsService with their own ID
  - Component: renders the shared dashboard

  3. Admin instructor analytics route —
  /admin/instructor/:instructorId/analytics
  - Loader: auth check (must be admin), reads instructorId from URL params +
  period from search params, calls analyticsService
  - Component: renders the same shared dashboard

  4. Shared AnalyticsDashboard component — Used by both routes. Contains:
  - Period selector (7d/30d/12mo/All tabs)
  - 3 summary cards
  - Revenue line chart (recharts)
  - Sortable per-course table

  5. Admin users page modification — Add "View Analytics" link next to
  instructor users

  6. New dependency: recharts — For the line chart

● User answered Claude's questions:
  ⎿  · Do these modules match your expectations? Anything you'd add,
     remove, or restructure? → Looks good
     · For testing, I'd recommend writing tests for the analyticsService
     since it contains all the query logic. The routes/components are thin
      wrappers. Which modules do you want tested? → None

● One quick note — the project's CLAUDE.md specifies that any file named as a
  "service" (e.g. analyticsService.ts) should have accompanying tests. Since
  this is a project convention, should we:

● User answered Claude's questions:
  ⎿  · The CLAUDE.md convention requires tests for all service files. The
     analyticsService would normally need tests per this rule. How do you
     want to handle this? → Follow convention, add tests

● Good, tests will be written for the analyticsService per convention. Let me
  check one thing before writing the PRD.

● Searched for 1 pattern (ctrl+o to expand)

● Confirmed — recharts is a new dependency. I have everything I need. Let me
  write the PRD and submit it as a GitHub issue.
  ⎿  Interrupted · What should Claude do instead?

❯ /write-a-prd 

● We already completed the interview and module design. Let me write the PRD
  and submit it as a GitHub issue now.

● Bash(gh repo view --json nameWithOwner -q .nameWithOwner)
  ⎿  Tool use rejected with user message: Use the second write-a-prd skill,
     which says to do it as a local file

● Got it, I'll write it as a local file. Let me check where to put it.

● Read 1 file (ctrl+o to expand)

● Write(prd/instructor-analytics-dashboard.md)
  ⎿  Wrote 116 lines to prd/instructor-analytics-dashboard.md
      1 # PRD: Instructor Revenue Analytics Dashboard
      2
      3 ## Problem Statement
      4
      5 Instructors on the platform have no visibility into how their co
        urses are performing financially. There is no way for an instruc
        tor to see total revenue, revenue trends over time, or per-cours
        e breakdowns. Admins similarly have no way to view an instructor
        's revenue performance. This makes it impossible for instructors
         to make informed decisions about pricing, marketing, or course
        development priorities.
      6
      7 ## Solution
      8
      9 A dedicated analytics dashboard for instructors that provides a
        revenue-focused overview of all their courses on a single page.
        The dashboard includes summary cards (total revenue, total enrol
        lments, average rating), a revenue-over-time line chart, and a d
        etailed per-course table. A time period filter (7 days, 30 days,
         12 months, All time) controls the data shown across all section
        s of the page. Admins can access any instructor's analytics dash
        board through a link on the admin users page.
     … +106 lines (ctrl+o to expand)

● PRD written to prd/instructor-analytics-dashboard.md. Here's a summary of
  what's captured:

  Feature: Instructor Revenue Analytics Dashboard

  Routes: /instructor/analytics (instructors) and
  /admin/instructor/:instructorId/analytics (admins)

  Dashboard contents:
  - 3 summary cards (Total Revenue, Total Enrollments, Average Rating) — all
  respect the time filter
  - Revenue line chart (recharts) with auto-scaling granularity
  - Sortable per-course table (Course Name, List Price, Revenue, Sales Count,
  Enrollments, Avg Rating, Rating Count)
  - Time period tabs: 7d / 30d / 12mo / All — stored as URL search param,
  defaults to 30d

  Key decisions:
  - No schema changes needed
  - New analyticsService with tests (per project convention)
  - Shared AnalyticsDashboard component used by both routes
  - "View Analytics" link added to admin users page
  - New recharts dependency

  22 user stories covering instructor, admin, student, and unauthenticated user
   perspectives.