 OK, let's start by modifying our Do Work skill.  The cool thing about TDD and RedGreenRefactor is that models kind of really know what it is, you don't need to point them to external docks.  And so we can already see it has asked to modify the setup here.  Okay, cool.  So it's given us quite a lot of text here.  looking at the for front-end code section immediately this just looks really long to me.  I think we can say just cut that down and say implement directly without prd. I think it knows  what front-end code is so we can just pare it down to that little sentence.  I do like this, I think it already understands what back-end code is, I don't need this extra  pair of parentheses.  For back-end code, use red-green refactor.  I'm looking at this little list here,  and I can see that it says refactor  and then repeat from step one.  I'm actually gonna swap these two things here.  So I'm gonna get it to repeat from stage one  to continually do red, green, red, green,  and then do one refactor step at the end.  I'm also going to return these parentheses.  I don't think these examples are actually that helpful.  I think more vague guidance is better.  We're just trying to tickle the latent space of the LLM, really, just to say,  do red green refactor, here's a list of things you should do.  But overall this looks good to me, I'm going to commit this, say make changes to the do work skill before I actually go and implement.  OK, let's close this up.  And I'm now going to run clear inside my plug code instance  to make sure I've got a clean context for the next bit.  So I'm first gonna pull in the PRD,  then I'm gonna pull in the plan,  and then I'm gonna go a couple of spaces down  and I'm going to say, do work.  and then I'll tell it just down here, do phase one.  And let's see how this goes.  It's nice that it starts off here with two explore agents, it's exploring the notification  system and exploring the coupon system, very cool.  Before I forget, I'm going to put it on shift tab so I accept all edits on.  And here we go, we've got our first TDD mentioned here.  Let me create tasks and start implementing with TDD.  OK, it's continuing implementing and it's starting to use TDD.  Let me write the first failing test first.  Yay!  It is, I have to say, writing more than one test here, so it's actually written multiple tests inside here.  So I suppose it must be quite confident about the implementation, it's sort of rushing ahead a little bit.  we can see it's referencing the red phase  and indeed the tests do fail.  So it's now heading towards the green phase where it's going to actually implement them.  We can see it's adding code to the coupon service,  which is expected.  And now.  Yep, all tests pass.  Now it's going to update the front end.  Okay, if we zoom down, we can see that it then finally,  once it sort of did everything,  it's now validated with the type check and the tests.  So it's running the feedback loops as kind of a final check before it actually goes and commits.  Then it's adding the code and it's asking me for permission because it looks like there's  some dodgy stuff in there or a command substitution.  The feedback loops ran just one more time inside the pre-commit hook there as well.  and so we are looking good.  So I've logged in as Liam Thompson here who's just a student and I can go into introduction to TypeScript and I can buy more seats.  I'm going to be a big spender and I'm going to buy five seats here.  and I end up in my team management section  where I can distribute these tokens.  So I'm going to copy and paste the first code here and just copy the link.  Then I go to the bottom left.  I'm going to log out of Liam Thompson.  I'm going to sign up as a new user.  So I'll go with Matthew Pocock as my name  and then I'll put in an example email.  And when I sign up here, then I should be able to go into the URL bar.  and paste the link that I got from Liam Thompson  and redeem this course.  I can then click enroll now and I should be able to start learning from here.  Now if I go back into Liam Thompson,  then Liam Thompson, yes, has a notification.  Matthew Percock redeemed a coupon for introduction to TypeScript and there are four of five seats  remaining and I can see that by clicking on the notification and heading into here.  So I would say not too shabby.  Now because this is a relatively simple feature, we might have gotten the same quality here without TDD.  But what I definitely feel, having done this for a few months now, is that TDD and RedGreen refactor because AI is so patient at creating the tests.  And because they create a huge network of feedback loops that the AI can rely on…  they increase the likelihood that AI is going to one-shot the feature, as it just did.  So I freaking love it, I'm a huge fan.  Now one thing I did notice that does concern me a bit is that it didn't follow our instruction  to do tracer bullet tests.  So what I would do if I was working on this  on a real application is I would go back into my skill  and try to really emphasize the traceable approach.  And if you like, you can do that now.  So what did you notice that was different  from my outcomes to your outcomes?  How does your skill differ from the one that I produced?  all good questions that can be asked right now on the discord.  Nice work, and I will see you in the next one.